All right welcome back my students so let's go ahead and edit this guy right here and come in post comments
.
Actually no comments replies here.
And make sure that we can send some information.
As a matter of fact we already have all of that here.
I'm just going to copy everything guys.
I don't plan to make this lecture longer than what it is and I going to face everything there.
And we're just going to change a couple of fields
.
Everything else is the same.
This would be what is a comment or reply actually like this very similar to important and this would
be reply message
your message your reply.
No.
I think that's the big ice unless we have the feeling we'll see are wrong.
Let's not forget the photo.
You know that was easier than the last one.
Hey all right.
So reply Hey this is the first reply.
Hopefully
it works
of course.
Of course of course.
Let's not forget this little baby right here
folks who'll integrity cannot get no answer.
OK.
So we're missing a ID from our comment a hitting ID that we have for you see this guy right here.
That's what we're missing for form right here.
So instead of post ID this one should be comment ID.
All right.
And change this feel right here.
Comment ID.
There we go.
Guys don't get frustrated if you can't find the problems that are as easy as I do.
All right remember that I encounter these many times and I like bugs.
All right.
I like to encounter things like this because it just makes coding a little bit exciting.
If you're creating everything and you don't and you don't have any issues or barriers challenges.
It's not fun in my opinion.
Hey this one will have to work.
A common idea.
No
.
That's weird.
Let's come back here and he says Come in IDS.
No.
See that see the area again.
Call and come in I.
Can i be no
.
It's weird
That's as we are.
Let's just set a value here.
Let's send one to see if really that's the case.
That's another case
inserted to come comment reply.
Let's go back here and see nothing there.
Let's go back to our comment reply.
Make sure the comment IDs good here.
The fillable alter e-mail.
That's just weird.
Why don't we just input this output and see what we get.
All right.
So let's just
oh that's what we're missing right here.
Of course guys come on.
There we go.
Let's check it out.
All right.
Right.
Yeah.
Really.
Well we have a constraint problem here.
And he's saying that this is a big problem but I think the reply was added No it wasn't it.
Let's check it in sort of to come he replies
coming I d there
.
Let's see we get to come in ID.
They're
supposed to be coming from the requests.
I want to see but oh ok.
I think I have an idea what the problem is.
Let's go back post.
We have this value here that we're not supposed to have.
All right.
So Laura Bush is protecting those guys and comment.
There we go.
All right let's check it out now.
And while I I.D. coming I say it is active zero.
And you can go and kiss.
Well that's OK.
All right guys.
It's been a pleasure.
You know bugging you I mean courting with you.
I'll see you in the next lecture.